Update Security Guidelines Section (#27)
wso2/docs-security: en/docs/security-guidelines/index.md

---

# Secure Guidelines Overview

> This section contains details on the best practices followed by WSO2 Engineering teams when developing products and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section explains the best practices followed by WSO2 Engineering teams when developing products and provides
```
